# Dexter
## Description
Dexter is a learning machine virtual assistaint created with NLP (Natural Language Processing), the 
dataset was create manually by me, so it isn't 100% acurracy and probally has some erros,  
built-in with voice recognization, voice speaking provided by elevenlab and translation to englsh
using google translator, it has not all the answers. But has some commands like say your location, the current weather,
data, hour or even open the google the dexter voice is provided by the OS (Operational System), 
it might change in the future.

## About dexter
Dexter was created in 01-15-2025 as a virtual assistent and reason to learn machine-learning and improve my skills
as programmer, it uses NLP concepts to train the AI like preparing the data training using tokenizeation, steamming,
and maching-learning concepts like bag of words, neural network, dropout and optmizeation. Dexter "voice" is shown as 
sin waves rendered by pygame and his voice was created with elevenlab.

## Features
- Voice recognization in a lot of languages.
- Has his own GUI pygame based.
- Own voice generated by elevenlab
- Speak in a lot of languages.
- Call you mrs or sir
- Can open google browser.
- Can tell the weather, time and day.
- Can tell where you are
- Has answer some simple questions like "hi dexter" or "thanks dexter"

## Usage
Load this repository or clone it with `git clone` install all the libaries required in the `requirements.txt`
using `pip install requirements.txt` then run it with `py main.py`, you have to include it's name because it
need's to now if you're talking to him, to shudown the program just say something like "bye bye dexter" or 
"turn off dexter". You can also close its window.
